Add restoration instructions for InfluxDB 1.6+ (#2357)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/databases/influxdb/2000-01-01-dump-restore.md

### Restore

> Note: if you need to restore a backup on your Scalingo server, please contact our

Reviewer: suggestion(non-blocking): I would be more specific. "server" seems a bit too vague.

```suggestion
Note: if you need to restore a backup on your Scalingo for InfluxDB®, please contact our
```
